posts/example-post-2.mdx, before:

---
type: Post
title: Next.js and Netlify - The Perfect Duo for Modern Web Development
description: >-
  Consider that for a moment: everything we see around us is assumed to have had
  a cause and is contingent upon.
date: '2024-10-05'
---

**This is an example post. There's another one [here](/posts/example-post-1).**

Combining **Next.js** and **Netlify** offers a powerful solution for building and deploying modern web applications with ease. Next.js, known for its versatility in handling both static and dynamic content, is a favorite for developers who need a React-based framework that supports server-side rendering, static site generation, and API routes—all essential for dynamic, SEO-friendly sites.

Pairing this with Netlify’s streamlined deployment workflow, continuous integration, and serverless functions provides a smooth, fast, and secure development-to-deployment process. Netlify’s built-in features for **automatic deployment** from Git, **CDN distribution**, and **edge functions** mean Next.js apps can scale easily while maintaining high performance.

For UI designers and developers, this combo enables rapid iteration, easier A/B testing, and optimized performance without the DevOps overhead. Plus, the ability to leverage **dynamic routing and API integrations** means more control over design and functionality.

## Additional resources

- [Next.js on Netlify](https://docs.netlify.com/frameworks/next-js/overview/)
- [Use Visual Editor with Next.js](https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/frameworks/next/)

Commit message:

Initial updates
- Put my name
- Delete placeholder posts with some actual ones for me
- Default dark mode

posts/example-post-2.mdx, after:

---
type: Post
title: A tiny Android app
description: >-
  Showcase of a tiny Android app I made and why
date: '2025-03-02'
---

## Motivation

I created quick select save to solve one specific problem I was having. The Toronto public library gives me access to O'Rielly Books online for free but only through their web browser. That means no ability to bookmark, highlight, or add annotations. All things I use constantly when reading techincal books.

Techincally I could select text with a long press, then copy, go to another note taking app, then paste. But this context switching is annoying and slow. I would like a way to save text without having to leave the app or webpage I am reading from. (Or at least it should not feel like I am leaving the app).

## Extra Motivation

Google also sent me an email saying that if I didn't publish and app in 30 days they would delete my account. Although it would only cost me around $25 to renew when I did want to publish more apps. I might as well save myself that time and money.

## The technology

I decided to do this in native Kotlin code using Room to store all the notes

## Demo

Link to be provided later.
